feat(content): New generic human jobs, and add NPC cargo to some existing jobs (#9315)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/south jobs.txt

mission "Delta V Shipment [0]"
	name "Shipment to <planet>"
	description "Deliver <cargo> to <destination>, the home of Delta V Corporation, a major missile and engine manufacturing firm in the Southern Rim. Payment is <payment>."
	cargo "alloys" 5 2 .1
	job
	repeat
	to offer
		random < 10
	source
		near Pherkad 2 15
		attributes factory
	destination Solace
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		payment 0 160
		dialog phrase "generic cargo delivery payment"

mission "Delta V Shipment [1]"
	name "Shipment to <planet>"
	description "Deliver <cargo> to <destination>, the home of Delta V Corporation, a major missile and engine manufacturing firm in the Southern Rim. Payment is <payment>."
	cargo Electronics 5 2 .1
	job
	repeat
	to offer
		random < 10
	source
		near Pherkad 2 15
		attributes factory
	destination Solace
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		payment 0 160
		dialog phrase "generic cargo delivery payment"

mission "Tarazed Shipyards Shipment [0]"
	name "Shipment to <planet>"

> 	description "Deliver <cargo> to <planet>, the home of Tarazed Shipyards, one of the largest shipbuilding firms in southern human space. Payment is <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Deliver <cargo> to <planet>, the home of Tarazed Shipyards, one of the largest shipbuilding firms in the South. Payment is <payment>."
```

	cargo "weapons" 5 2 .1
	job
	repeat
	to offer
		random < 10
	source
		near Tarazed 2 10
		attributes factory
	destination Wayfarer
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		payment 0 160
		dialog phrase "generic cargo delivery payment"

mission "Tarazed Shipyards Shipment [1]"
	name "Shipment to <planet>"

> 	description "Deliver <cargo> to <planet>, the home of Tarazed Shipyards, one of the largest shipbuilding firms in southern human space. Payment is <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Deliver <cargo> to <planet>, the home of Tarazed Shipyards, one of the largest shipbuilding firms in the South. Payment is <payment>."
```

> 	cargo "ship alloys" 5 2 .1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cargo "Ship Alloys" 5 2 .1
```

	job
	repeat
	to offer
		random < 10
	source
		near Tarazed 2 10
		attributes factory mining
	destination Wayfarer
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		payment 0 160
		dialog phrase "generic cargo delivery payment"

mission "Tarazed Shipyards Shipment [2]"
	name "Shipment to <planet>"

> 	description "Deliver <cargo> to <planet>, the home of Tarazed Shipyards, one of the largest shipbuilding firms in southern human space. Payment is <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Deliver <cargo> to <planet>, the home of Tarazed Shipyards, one of the largest shipbuilding firms in the South. Payment is <payment>."
```

> 	cargo "ship systems" 5 2 .1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	cargo "Ship Systems" 5 2 .1
```
